During this course, you
started writing
some serious code.
As you progress, you probably
realize that it would
be pretty helpful to
have a tool to keep copies of
your code as you add
or remove features.
This is exactly what you'll
learn in the next course.
To tell you more about that,
here's my colleague, Kenny,
who will be your instructor.
Hey, Kenny, what can
learners expect from
the next course?
Hey, whats up, Roger, and
hello to all the
learners out there.
I'm super excited
about the next course.
We're going to learn
about version control,
which is the process of keeping
a history of how
your code changes.
We'll focus on a tool called Git,
which is the most popular version
control tool used today.
We'll learn how to
use it not only for
our own projects but also as
a way to collaborate
with others through
a popular platform called GitHub.
I can't wait to get to it.
This tool is super useful and
mastering it will make
a big difference
in your IT career.
A great thing about
the next course is
that we'll learn both
how to use it to keep
track of your personal code
and how to use it to
collaborate with others.
I'm excited to share
this knowledge with
you and I'll see you over there.
Cool. Thanks, Kenny, and
thank you everyone of you
for tuning in and
hanging out with me in
this course. Bye for now.